 Our project utilizes Haskell to create a holistic metric (CASTLE) that quantifies
 a basketball player's defensive impact. Initially, our goal was to provide the user
 with the ability to switch between different CASTLE models, but instead, we decided to
 create two slightly different models based on a player's role. Since tall players
 impact games in drastically different ways from small players, we felt as though 
 weighing certain stats based on position would give a more accurate interpretation
 of defensive impact. 

 Our code is organized into 6 main Haskell files. 

1. NBAApiData.hs

This file handles parsing of data. We convert raw json files containing NBA.com
statistics to Haskell objects for later use.

2. ModelV1.hs

This file contains the bulk of our calculations. We take the six defensive advanced
statistics we feel are most indicative of good defensive play, and use them to create a holistic
metric. Based on the player's role, we weight these statistics differently to account for the
fact that players in different roles impact the game in different ways. 

In addition to our CASTLE calculations, we also implement similarity functionality in this file.
In other words, given a certain player, who are the 10 most similar profiles? We calculate this
by determining which players with comporable CASTLE scores get their score from similar statistics. 
For example, if we are given a player who primarly generates defensive impact from shot suppression, 
we want to find players who are similarly impactful by doing similar things. 

3. EvalV1.hs

This file essentially tests the reliability of our statistic. We test whether or not there is a
year-to-year correlation between our statistic, and whether or not CASTLE correctly
identifies elite defenders

4. Main.hs

This file uses our core logic to generate a list the top 10 players in CASTLE score.
Main.hs utilizes the caluclations made in ModelV1.hs. 

5. EvalMain.hs

This file generates an evaluation report to determine our statistics accuracy (using logic from
EvalV1.hs). 

6. Visualize.hs

This file generates a list of the 10 most similar defensive profiles given a user inputted player. 
Using these players, a simple terminal scatter plot is generated, plotting Defensive Rating vs. CASTLE. 
To interact with this file, a user simply inputs a NBA player's full name when prompted, and a list of players
as well as a visualization will be displayed. 

